I had to just cut off
that video call
I can't stand such
manipulation
I want to protect you!
These three guys think they're
great salesmen
But the stuff they're offering
isn't even fit for the garbage dump
Like the Captain of Turquoise -
a great innovator!
Wants to turn humans into androids
Every new gadget he invents
must immediately interfere in human life
And later turn the whole world
upside down
But in reality, with them...
it's the fear of missing out
"But what if I can't get
that new Apple phone?"
All of Turquoise's talk can be countered
with just one sentence -
But what happens
if I can't?
The answer is: nothing
happens at all
Turquoise's only goal is to fill
the consciousness of all humanity with noise
So that later they can squeeze money
out of the simpletons
These Silverwhites...
they're another extreme.
They're just selling
hot air
Some round legend
of the Estonian spirit
From Kaali Crater,
Kalev's Castle
A damn awakened
limestone
Just lying on the shores
of the Baltic Sea, praising the lapping waves
Silverwhites like them have nothing
to give to our society
They only consume
Our air, our time,
and our energy
I wouldn't last even 2 minutes
in the same capsule with such parasites
But if the Silverwhites and Turquoises
are a bit annoying
Then they're not
dangerous
But the Slanders are
They are busy transforming
everyone else
You heard it - they've discovered
a theoretical problem
And they're already making
prescriptions for us!
You see, this is the problem with most people
They meddle too much
in other people's business
First, clean up your own house,
learn to walk straight yourself
I apologize to all of you
for cutting off those video calls so late
We still have order and a schedule here
And I don't intend to waste it
on any nonsense
More and more, I'm thinking that when this
Vivarium experiment is over
Then who will walk out
of these capsules?
I am convinced - from our capsule,
a well-functioning core group will emerge
A geometric circle
The world's strongest shape
But the other three will limp out at best
as war veterans
At worst, the capsules will only emit
a foul stench
Our mission on this planet has never
been as important as it is now
Without us, the world is doomed
We won't spend any more time
on these video calls
We must make significant decisions
within our community
We must become more drastic
And we must collectively
commit to a common goal
Single people do not fulfill this goal
They are driven by selfishness
and plagued by instability
To motivate them...
I propose voting on
an important topic
We take away the voting rights
of single individuals
Because childish behavior excludes
the privileges of an adult
But this wouldn't be
an irreversible decision
If a person wants voting rights,
they'll find a partner
Dedicate themselves to their role
And everything will be fine again!
Let's vote!